# Productivity

> Productivity is essential, it meant to be increase with time, never decrease nor consistent.

## But how to remain consistent in process of increasing productivity, yeah you can it's not impossible because nothing is impossible.

### Productivity is not denielable, you can't deny it, everyone want to finish there work in less time doing more things. and Yeah, productivity is multi-directional.

#### It matters in every field like from learning to applying things in real life.

Elaboration,
Like learning is nowadays a continous process you, you can't ignore it
So, now you have a choice to learn faster as well reduce time you spend on learning things, but you should first don't set any boundaries on the possibilities around things,

> Never under estimate the power of your brain, actually never under estimate yourself, you are a wonderful powerful beautiful part of this creation WAIT IF YOU ARE NOT GOING FURTHER BECAUSE i STATED THAT STATEMENT. it's easy just go through every line

You are best, makes you powerful but if you stop considering yourself as well other are powerfull or not powerfull You would find the key to somethings much more beautiful in life.

Lets come to point productivity,

1. How to check your productivity ?
1. How to increase ?

## How to check your productivity ?

You just need not to check because it's time consuming as well you will get nothing out of it, I would suggest to wait for others and say to you that `Wow! 🙂 you are very productive`.

## How to inc produ... ?

- Yeah! productivity, needs energy( glow ) , your attention( focus ), your clarity of mind or clamness of mind, as well your interest, I would suggest if you have atleast one of these then you are already productive
